well do the man of recaps this is the
bachelor Peter the pilot season episode
1 that's right I'm back recapping The
Bachelor it may be pretty dumb but
honestly it's addictive and I gotta see
what happens to my boy Peter he was my
pick for Hannah in last season of The
Bachelorette honestly it was a hilarious
drama-filled season some of my funniest
recaps linked to those in the
description
long story short Peters a sexy pilot he
made it to the top 4 in Hannah's
Bachelorette he's just a real chill
down-to-earth guy a real family man his
parents are hilarious but he's also a
sex icon now because in fantasy suite
weeks he and Hannah famously had sex you
know windmill four times in the end
though she didn't pick him and he went
home with a broken heart but now he's
the bachelor and he's ready to find his
true love so let's jump right into it
it's time to meet the girls it's
emotionally exhausting even for me
sitting on the couch because you've
gotta meet 30 people in a row and like
make an emotional connection with each
one that's why a lot of them resort to
some funny gimmicks to make them stand
out one girl contort yourself to hide in
a suitcase another one comes with a cow
a lot of them are playing related and
kind of funny some of them just turn out
cringy though and of course there's
plenty of windmill references are you
ready for round 5 there's two ways to go
here you can be like a nice sweet girl
or you could be straight-up sexy this
one girls joke is I have a dry sense of
humor but that's the only part of me
that's dry one of them straight-up
blindfolds them and starts making out
yeah I've always said there should be a
no kissing on night one rule spoiler
alert though there's a lot of making out
going on tonight so if you're playing
the drinking game where you drink for
every first night kiss chug that bottle
of wine kissing somebody girls everybody
just gonna happen yeah the last girl out
of the limo is a big shocker it is
Hannah Brown herself what's going on is
she gonna be on The Bachelor no no she's
just here to say hey and good luck and
give him back the little pilot pin that
he presented to her on his night one
that's very sweet and it's good closure
like yes we were in love but we're
definitely over each other now we're
moving on at least for now
so then night one is underway basically
Peter gets to take each girl aside and
talk to them for a little bit when that
emerges as a front-runner is also named
Hannah from the South she's Hannah Ann
from Tennessee and I mean she's um
freaking hot she seems like a real sweet
they connect about how much they love
their families but she rubs a lot of the
girls the wrong way right off the bat
here when she steals three sessions with
Peter yeah this isn't all fun and games
the first impression Rose is on the line
and things get cutthroat crazily there's
no like set schedule of when they get to
hang out with Peter they basically have
to just go up there and interrupt each
other is one girl interrupts by throwing
paper airplanes Adam so then while
they're talking the girl comes back with
a giant paper airplane yeah take that
the Bachelorette was funny because guys
are hilarious in their way but the
bachelor might be even funnier cuz girls
are so catty I'm so happy for you in the
end it is Hannah Ann who gets that first
impression rose which means she is safe
in tonight's rose ceremony
that's right night one a bunch of these
girls already going home it's super
intense for these girls but not so much
for us because the ones that go home are
ones we don't even remember getting any
screen time so the next morning The
Bachelor is begun in earnest and it's
time for our first group date he brings
him to the airplane place where he flies
and stuff and he brings out two
real-life badass female pilots to drill
the girls in a fake flight school their
first activity is a math test clearly
not most of these girls strong suit
although I can't really talk I don't
know how many feet are in a mile oh we
should really be on the metric system
then they go on the spinny ball thing is
pretty fun I did that at Space Camp once
Victoria P though is super scared she
has bad motion sickness and has a horror
flashback to the Disneyland teacups she
faces her fear though and gives it a
whirl she does immediately barf but
Peters sweet about it and later is like
I appreciate you facing your fear and
they make out this is ours later she had
time to brush her teeth but then it's a
sweet Top Gun style walking shot cuz
they're doing an airplane themed
obstacle course this is hilarious
because it's the bachelor not survivor
these girls prepare themselves for a lot
of sitting around talking about emotions
not for physical activity but they give
it their best try because the winner
gets a solo flight with Peter the final
to have a tricycle race but what's this
Kelly's just ignoring the cones going
straight through it they're trying to
call her out for cheating but Jeff
Probst isn't here no one really cares
it's Kelly who gets the solo flight this
is prime one-on-one time all the
really wanted this and Kelly didn't even
really need it she already met Peter
before the show yeah apparently after
she was already selected for The
Bachelor she happened to be at a
friend's wedding when he happened to be
at another event at the same hotel they
met in the lobby and apparently hung out
for like a bit to be honest I'm a little
skeptical I wouldn't be surprised if she
stalked him there to get a leg up on the
competition
in fact the hotel they're at for this
after date is literally where they met
they reenact that connection and my
conspiracy theories aside she seems like
a nice girl and she gets the first date
rose but the other girls are resentful
she's had so much time with Peter even
before the show started so she set
herself up as a bit of a villain in the
house the next day is a one-on-one date
and Peter picks Madison Madison's a
championship basketball player from
Auburn Alabama and whoever gets picked
the girls are all super happy for each
other now normally hometowns happens at
the very end of the season and it's a
really big deal if you make it that far
Peter's hometown though is right down
the street from the bachelor mansion so
he's taken Madison here right now Peters
parents have decided to renew their
wedding vows right now he brings Madison
as his date and it's kind of awkward
this is like a big family moment and she
might be going home at any given time
but I guess she made a good first
impression on him and she seems like a
nice girl the next day it's another
group date and Peter doesn't know what
it is yet it's a mystery they go into
some theater and who's that on stage
it's Hannah Brown again she just seems
to just always be here it's kind of nice
I guess she's here to like mentor the
girls it's also super weird cuz she's
basically his ex they were this close to
getting married just a few months ago
she tells them about her and Peter's sex
in a windmill story and apparently the
activity is they're all gonna like talk
about sex openly because it's like good
be open about these things and I
certainly learn that lesson with Luke P
last season but this event never even
gets started
Hannah's crying in the back room so
Peters like hey what's up and long story
short she's not sure if she's over him
remember hannah is not married her
season ended in tragedy as the guy she
picked Jed had a secret girlfriend back
home
so he's like hey do you want to come be
on the show for real we'll give this
another shot
and
so where they hit us with the to be
continued now clearly that's not gonna
happen I feel like once they've already
gone through the Bachelorette together
it's like yeah if we're gonna get
together we just cancel this season and
live happily ever after plus it would be
like crazy unfair for the other girls I
feel like this is just some extra drama
in misdirection to get everyone freaking
out on the other hand I have no idea
what could happen in fact that at the
very beginning of the episode they tease
that the season ends in a crazy twist so
he'll see and so that's where the season
premiere of The Bachelor comes to an end
if you liked this recap hit that
subscribe button I'm bringing you the
best recaps of TV and movies so don't
miss out